	My design in assignment 3 is quite similar to my design in assignment 3, just with using classes to modify (and extract and load) my data rather than functions. 
	This new design would make it much easier to implement different data types for extracting and loading. This is because the classes CSVLoader and CSVExtractor could both be made to be subclasses of an Extractor and Loader class, which would make implementation of an XMLExtractor for instance quite simple. I would just make it a new class that inherits from the Loader implementation and then implement the same function (but with a different data type), it would even be used in the same way for consistency between classes.
	This new design also would make it easier to transform the products in different ways. Instead of half of the product transformation being split between the ETLPipeline class and the Product class, it is all in the ProductTransform class, which would make it much easier to write different transform classes and implement the a ProductTransform class (changed from what it currently is).
	Assignment 3 uses design principles of the Single Responsibility principle within the Product class especially, because it stores all of the data for a Product object in one place, but none of the transformation function, it only serves to store the data in one place. 
	It also uses design principles of Encapsulation by making the extract, transform, and load functions all separate objects instead of methods. This allows the data like the header and numberOfLinesRead data to be stored in the same place as the methods that produce them, meaning that there doesn't have to be a static object storing the header the entire time the program is running.
	My program also uses Inheritance in the ProductTransformer class, which implements from the interface TransformsProducts. It inherits the abstract methods described in the TransformsProducts interface.
	My program doesn't quite use polymorphism, but it would be very easy to implement, i.e. by adding another class that transforms products. It is not used currently because the project specifications does not require it yet, but the framework is laid for them to exist.
	I tested my program by uploading it to github, then downloading a fresh copy, deleting transformed_products.csv and running it in Eclipse, all to make sure that the data is properly transformed when the teacher runs it and that it produces the same result as assignment 2 does.